iam:AddClientIDToOpenIDConnectProvider;Write
iam:AddRoleToInstanceProfile;Write
iam:AddUserToGroup;Write
iam:AttachGroupPolicy;Permissions management
iam:AttachRolePolicy;Permissions management
iam:AttachUserPolicy;Permissions management
iam:ChangePassword;Write
iam:CreateAccessKey;Write
iam:CreateAccountAlias;Write
iam:CreateGroup;Write
iam:CreateInstanceProfile;Write
iam:CreateLoginProfile;Write
iam:CreateOpenIDConnectProvider;Write
iam:CreatePolicy;Permissions management
iam:CreatePolicyVersion;Permissions management
iam:CreateRole;Write
iam:CreateSAMLProvider;Write
iam:CreateServiceLinkedRole;Write
iam:CreateServiceSpecificCredential;Write
iam:CreateUser;Write
iam:CreateVirtualMFADevice;Write
iam:DeactivateMFADevice;Write
iam:DeleteAccessKey;Write
iam:DeleteAccountAlias;Write
iam:DeleteAccountPasswordPolicy;Permissions management
iam:DeleteCloudFrontPublicKey;Write
iam:DeleteGroup;Write
iam:DeleteGroupPolicy;Permissions management
iam:DeleteInstanceProfile;Write
iam:DeleteLoginProfile;Write
iam:DeleteOpenIDConnectProvider;Write
iam:DeletePolicy;Permissions management
iam:DeletePolicyVersion;Permissions management
iam:DeleteRole;Write
iam:DeleteRolePermissionsBoundary;Permissions management
iam:DeleteRolePolicy;Permissions management
iam:DeleteSAMLProvider;Write
iam:DeleteSSHPublicKey;Write
iam:DeleteServerCertificate;Write
iam:DeleteServiceLinkedRole;Write
iam:DeleteServiceSpecificCredential;Write
iam:DeleteSigningCertificate;Write
iam:DeleteUser;Write
iam:DeleteUserPermissionsBoundary;Permissions management
iam:DeleteUserPolicy;Permissions management
iam:DeleteVirtualMFADevice;Write
iam:DetachGroupPolicy;Permissions management
iam:DetachRolePolicy;Permissions management
iam:DetachUserPolicy;Permissions management
iam:EnableMFADevice;Write
iam:GenerateCredentialReport;Read
iam:GenerateOrganizationsAccessReport;Read
iam:GenerateServiceLastAccessedDetails;Read
iam:GetAccessKeyLastUsed;Read
iam:GetAccountAuthorizationDetails;Read
iam:GetAccountEmailAddress;Read
iam:GetAccountName;Read
iam:GetAccountPasswordPolicy;Read
iam:GetAccountSummary;List
iam:GetCloudFrontPublicKey;Read
iam:GetContextKeysForCustomPolicy;Read
iam:GetContextKeysForPrincipalPolicy;Read
iam:GetCredentialReport;Read
iam:GetGroup;Read
iam:GetGroupPolicy;Read
iam:GetInstanceProfile;Read
iam:GetLoginProfile;List
iam:GetOpenIDConnectProvider;Read
iam:GetOrganizationsAccessReport;Read
iam:GetPolicy;Read
iam:GetPolicyVersion;Read
iam:GetRole;Read
iam:GetRolePolicy;Read
iam:GetSAMLProvider;Read
iam:GetSSHPublicKey;Read
iam:GetServerCertificate;Read
iam:GetServiceLastAccessedDetails;Read
iam:GetServiceLastAccessedDetailsWithEntities;Read
iam:GetServiceLinkedRoleDeletionStatus;Read
iam:GetUser;Read
iam:GetUserPolicy;Read
iam:ListAccessKeys;List
iam:ListAccountAliases;List
iam:ListAttachedGroupPolicies;List
iam:ListAttachedRolePolicies;List
iam:ListAttachedUserPolicies;List
iam:ListCloudFrontPublicKeys;List
iam:ListEntitiesForPolicy;List
iam:ListGroupPolicies;List
iam:ListGroups;List
iam:ListGroupsForUser;List
iam:ListInstanceProfileTags;List
iam:ListInstanceProfiles;List
iam:ListInstanceProfilesForRole;List
iam:ListMFADeviceTags;List
iam:ListMFADevices;List
iam:ListOpenIDConnectProviderTags;List
iam:ListOpenIDConnectProviders;List
iam:ListPolicies;List
iam:ListPoliciesGrantingServiceAccess;List
iam:ListPolicyTags;List
iam:ListPolicyVersions;List
iam:ListRolePolicies;List
iam:ListRoleTags;List
iam:ListRoles;List
iam:ListSAMLProviderTags;List
iam:ListSAMLProviders;List
iam:ListSSHPublicKeys;List
iam:ListSTSRegionalEndpointsStatus;List
iam:ListServerCertificateTags;List
iam:ListServerCertificates;List
iam:ListServiceSpecificCredentials;List
iam:ListSigningCertificates;List
iam:ListUserPolicies;List
iam:ListUserTags;List
iam:ListUsers;List
iam:ListVirtualMFADevices;List
iam:PassRole;Write
iam:PutGroupPolicy;Permissions management
iam:PutRolePermissionsBoundary;Permissions management
iam:PutRolePolicy;Permissions management
iam:PutUserPermissionsBoundary;Permissions management
iam:PutUserPolicy;Permissions management
iam:RemoveClientIDFromOpenIDConnectProvider;Write
iam:RemoveRoleFromInstanceProfile;Write
iam:RemoveUserFromGroup;Write
iam:ResetServiceSpecificCredential;Write
iam:ResyncMFADevice;Write
iam:SetDefaultPolicyVersion;Permissions management
iam:SetSTSRegionalEndpointStatus;Write
iam:SetSecurityTokenServicePreferences;Write
iam:SimulateCustomPolicy;Read
iam:SimulatePrincipalPolicy;Read
iam:TagInstanceProfile;Tagging
iam:TagMFADevice;Tagging
iam:TagOpenIDConnectProvider;Tagging
iam:TagPolicy;Tagging
iam:TagRole;Tagging
iam:TagSAMLProvider;Tagging
iam:TagServerCertificate;Tagging
iam:TagUser;Tagging
iam:UntagInstanceProfile;Tagging
iam:UntagMFADevice;Tagging
iam:UntagOpenIDConnectProvider;Tagging
iam:UntagPolicy;Tagging
iam:UntagRole;Tagging
iam:UntagSAMLProvider;Tagging
iam:UntagServerCertificate;Tagging
iam:UntagUser;Tagging
iam:UpdateAccessKey;Write
iam:UpdateAccountEmailAddress;Write
iam:UpdateAccountName;Write
iam:UpdateAccountPasswordPolicy;Write
iam:UpdateAssumeRolePolicy;Permissions management
iam:UpdateCloudFrontPublicKey;Write
iam:UpdateGroup;Write
iam:UpdateLoginProfile;Write
iam:UpdateOpenIDConnectProviderThumbprint;Write
iam:UpdateRole;Write
iam:UpdateRoleDescription;Write
iam:UpdateSAMLProvider;Write
iam:UpdateSSHPublicKey;Write
iam:UpdateServerCertificate;Write
iam:UpdateServiceSpecificCredential;Write
iam:UpdateSigningCertificate;Write
iam:UpdateUser;Write
iam:UploadCloudFrontPublicKey;Write
iam:UploadSSHPublicKey;Write
iam:UploadServerCertificate;Write
iam:UploadSigningCertificate;Write
